Mention Windows graphics driver TDR issues on Using compute shaders (#7168)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/shaders/compute_shaders.rst

right away. In general, you will want to wait *at least* 2 or 3 frames before
synchronizing so that the GPU is able to run in parallel with the CPU.

.. warning::

    Long computations can cause Windows graphics drivers to "crash" due to
    :abbr:`TDR (Timeout Detection and Recovery)` being triggered by Windows. This
    is a mechanism that reinitializes the graphics driver after a certain amount
    of time has passed without any activity from the graphics driver.

>     Depending on the duration your compute shader takes to execute, you may have to increase
>     the TDR timeout duration for it to execute successfully (especially on slower GPUs).
>     To increase TDR timeout duration, follow the instructions on
>     `this page <https://substance3d.adobe.com/documentation/spdoc/gpu-drivers-crash-with-long-computations-128745489.html>`__.
>     Note that increasing TDR timeout duration requires administrator privileges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Depending on the duration your compute shader takes to execute, you may need to split it into multiple dispatches to reduce the time each dispatch takes and reduce the chances of triggering a TDR.
```
